{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16800\viewh15960\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400

\f0\fs30 \cf0 How would you call the barf method from outside this class?
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li960\sl400

\f2 \cf0 class Baby \{
\f1 \

\f2 	void barf() \{
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li960\fi960\sl400

\f2 \cf0 \}\
\pard\pardeftab720\li960\fi16\sl400
\cf0 barf();
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li960\sl400

\f2 \cf0 \}
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400

\f0 \cf0 Knowing that lower-case \'93A\'94 is 97 in ASCII, convert this binary to text. 
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi960\sl400

\f0 \cf0 01100010 2+32+64 = \'93B\'94
\f1 \

\f0 01100001 1+32+64 = \'93A\'94
\f1 \

\f0 01110010  2+16+32+64 = \'93Q\'94
\f1 \

\f0 01100110 2+4+32+64 = \'93E\'94
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400

\f0 \cf0 Write code to create this UI.
\f1 \

\f3\fs24 
\f1\fs30 \
JFrame frame = new JFrame();\
JPanel panel = new JPanel();\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 JButton button = new JButton(\'93pants\'94);\
\
frame.setVisible(true);\
frame.setDefaultCloseOperation(JFrame.EXIT_ON_CLOSE);\
frame.add(panel);\
\
panel.add(button);\
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400

\f0 \cf0 Write a line of code to add a listener to a JFrame.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
frame.addActionListener(this);\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400

\f0 \cf0 Write a line of code to add a listener to a JButton.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 button.addActionListener(this);
\f0 \page 
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400

\f0 \cf0 How can you tell which JButton caused an ActionEvent?
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
if(e.getSource == button)\
\{\
	System.out.println(\'93button\'94);\
\}\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400

\f0 \cf0 You added 2 buttons to a frame, but only one of the buttons shows up. What could you do to fix your code?
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
add comments\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400

\f0 \cf0 How would you know that you\'92re looking at a Constructor?
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
When the method is the same name as the class.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400

\f0 \cf0 List 4 essential parts of a method.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
return type, method name, arguement, the body of the method\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400

\f0 \cf0 Write a method that calculates the tip you should leave for a restaurant bill.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
public int calcTip(int amount)\
\{\
	amount = (amount * 0.12) + amount;\
	return amount;\
\}\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400

\f0 \cf0 \page \pard\pardeftab720\sl320

\f1 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400

\f0 \cf0 Write a getter, setter and constructor for this class.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li960\sl400

\f2 \cf0 class Pants \{
\f1 \

\f2 	Leg leftLeg;
\f1 \

\f2 \}
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400

\f0 \cf0 What is wrong with this code?
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi960\sl400

\f2 \cf0 JButton myButton = new JButton();
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li960\sl400

\f2 \cf0 myButton.setText(\'93barfy pants\'94);
\f1 \

\f2 	
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400

\f0 \cf0 How would you use this method to find out if there are any iPhones in stock?
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi960\sl400

\f2 \cf0 boolean checkStock(String productName)\{...\}
\f1 \
\
if(checkStock(\'93iPhone\'94))\
	System.out.println(\'93In Stock\'94);\
else\
	System.out.println(\'93Out of Stock\'94);\

\f2 \page \pard\pardeftab720\fi960\sl320

\f1 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400

\f0 \cf0 What can you tell about this method knowing that it is called like this?
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li960\fi960\sl400

\f2 \cf0  peel(\'93potato\'94);
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
		The method takes in a string\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400

\f0 \cf0 How do you feel about the static context?
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
It is not good for creating UI elements.\
\
}